=======================================  road2root 2023 presents 
     			   wUD --  Windows Update Disabler v0.08
						 crack by v/\der


Information░░░░
wUD crack v0.8 created by v/\der [@r2r_group] -- tool that
performs multiple none evasive methods documented by the public
to disable Windows Update. These settings can be reversed after
being applied.

wUD is 100% spyware, malware, and virus free. Run a 1000 scans
on it and see for yourself.

Install░░░░
There is no install, unzip the wUD.exe wherever you wish and
run. You will need to right click the wUD program icon and
select "Run as administrator" if you get errors while running
wUD.

Force Off░░░░
Set your Windows Update worries aside. Force Off will ensure
Windows Update doesn't enable or download ever while the crack
is running. Disable Windows Update current Windows Update
services running on your OS. Windows itself along with other
applications can call Windows Update to start back up, by using
"Force Off" wUD crack will immediately terminate any reattempt
Windows Update makes to enable itself behind your back. 

wUD crack must be kept on to monitor any attempts Windows
Update makes to startup again. wUD crack takes low system
resource and will run in the background at 20mb ram. It
requires no internet connection, block it with your firewall
if you wish.

Patch░░░░
Patching will stop current Windows Update services and add
additional registry entries to ensure Windows Update don't
startup on boot.

keys:
 ░░DisableOSUpgrade
 ░░OSUpgrade
 ░░AUOptions
 ░░UsoSvc
 ░░wuauserv

Reverse░░░░
Turn Windows Update services back on. Remove all registry
entries added by wUD.



░have more ideas or information on methods to disable Windows
Update? give me a message via Twitter.com/r2r_group ATTN:v
